# LLM_for_Ecommerce
Making E-commerce easier through AI

# Excel_made_easy

Excel_made_easy is an application built with a focus on making stock record retrieval a lot easier for large retail chain businesses in e-commerce. It is is an app that leverages AI by enabling users to upload a stock taking inventory record CSV, query the records by asking  questions in a conversational format to the records in the document, and receive responses using the LangChain library.

## Features

- File Upload: Users can upload a CSV document containing records for querying.
- Question Input: Users can enter questions about the records in the CSV document.
- Response Generation: The application uses the LangChain library to generate responses based on the uploaded CSV document and the user's question.
- User-Friendly Interface: The application is built with Streamlit, providing a clean and intuitive interface for a seamless user experience.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:

   ```shell
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/repo-name.git
pip install -r requirements.txt
streamlit run app.py

## **Usage**

Open the application in your web browser using the URL mentioned above.

Click on the "Upload your csv document" button to upload a CSV document containing records for querying.

Enter your question about the records in the provided text input field.

Click the "Ask" button to submit your question.

The application will process your query and display the response generated by the LangChain library.

## **Configuration**

API Key: If you have an API key for the LangChain library, you can uncomment the relevant lines in the code and provide the key to enable its usage.

Environment Variables: If you prefer to store sensitive information, such as API keys, in environment variables, you can uncomment the relevant lines in the code and use the dotenv library to load environment variables from a .env file.

## **Contributions**

Contributions to Excel_made_easy are welcome! If you have any ideas, suggestions, or bug reports, please create an issue or submit a pull request. Please follow the existing coding style and guidelines.

## **PS**

1.) LLM_PR2.ipynb is a python notebook that tries to implement the same project using a vector database 'Pinecone' for storings embeddings.
2.) LLM_PR.ipynb is the python notebook for the app implemented on streamlit. It achieves the project goal by making use of an agent.
